Let's invite the CEO of Li Shi Group
President Li
to the stage
Thank you very much
Li Shi Group is able to entrust this project
to our Jian An Group
What?
Did you really see Mrs. Zhang
go into the room with someone?
Mrs. Zhang
Cheating on Mr. Zhang?
Could be
Let's go see
Baby
I love you so much
Who's inside?
Come out
Don't hide
Open the door
Go get the key for me
Mr. Zhang,
Are you sure you want to bring so many people in?
Will Mrs. Zhang agree...
Go get it when I tell you to
If Jian Dao dares to do it,
why would she fear people talking?
Are you really sure that Mrs. Zhang
went in with a man?
Mrs. Zhang,
you still look so charming
I love you to death
Mrs. Zhang
Could it really be Jian Dao in there?
No way, is it really Mrs. Zhang in there?
I told you, why did Mrs. Zhang
suddenly disappear?
Turns out she went to see her old lover
I didn't expect her to be so romantic behind the scenes
How will Mr. Zhang face people
in Jiangcheng in the future?
I didn't expect this
All these years, I've worked
so hard for this
For what?
I worked so hard
so that my wife and children
could have a good life
I didn't expect her to treat me like this
Does she deserve me?
Exactly,
Mrs. Zhang used to be
a 200-pound fat woman
President Zhang didn't abandon her
In the old days, this kind of woman
would have been drowned in a pig cage
Open the door
Jian Dao,
do you think you deserve me?
Do you deserve our child?
Do you deserve to be a mother?
Are you looking for me?
Jian Dao? How is that possible?